kwekwlos;kuklos;wheel
gwoukwolos;boukolos;cowherd
ambhikwolos;amphipolos;attendant
makros;makros;big,long
nekwts;nuks;night
gwiwos;bios;life
sugwyes;hugies;healthy
lukwos;lukos;wolf
makyon;masson;longer, bigger
dheighos;teikhos;wall
gwena;gune;woman
elagwhros;elaphros;quick
braghus;brakhus;short
kwis;tis;who
kwotyos;posos;how much
kwe;te;and
kwos;pos;how
prakyo;presso;I do
elagwhus;elakhus;small
wokwya;ossa;voice,word
okwye;osse;two eyes
karuks;keruks;herald
pekwyo;pesso;I cook
epekwsa;epepsa;I cooked
ghernigws;khernips;hand-washing water
woghos;okhos;wagon
leukyo;leusso;I look
wekwos;epos;voice,word
karukyo;kerusso;I announce, proclaim
aGgho;aGkho;I squeeze, embrace
nigwyo;nizdo;I wash
nigwso;nipso;I will wash
wanakyo;anasso;I rule
klutos;klutos;famed
wanakts;anaks;lord
nigwtos;niptos;washed
gharyo;khairo;I rejoice
woikos;oikos;house
elagwhyon;elasson;smaller
taraghyo;tarasso;I stir up, trouble
kyameron;semeron;today
kwetyares;tessares;four
ghewo;kheo;I pour
kwalai;palai;formerly
keryo;keiro;I cut
kwele;tele;at a distance
kwoina;poine;penalty
agros;agros;field
kwitis;tisis;retribution
gwelbhus;delphus;womb, matrix
sagwelbhos;adelphos;brother
dekM;deka;ten
gwhedhyamenos;thessamenos;desiring
kwelos;telos;goal
gonu;gonu;knee
kyeuyo;seuo;I push
gwhenyo;theino;I strike, kill
solkos;olkos;drawing, dragging
gwhonos;phonos;killing
gwheros;theros;summer
penkwe;pente;five
ago;ago;I lead, drive
penkwtos;pemptos;fifth
Ngwen;aden;gland
eregwos;erebos;infernal darkness
sekwomai;hepomai;I follow
sarpage;harpage;siezing
ogwhis;ophis;snake
baktron;baktron;stick, cudgel
gwiyos;bios;bow
gwiya;bia;violence, force
eugwhomai;eukhomai;I solemnly state, pray
sarpagyo;harpazdo;I sieze
